Great.
He's still holding a gradge over that $30,000 sofa.
But why am I being punished for his clumsiness?
This is your canvas.
Have it decorated by tomorrow morning.
It's for our black and white party.
It's for our important investors.
Google, what that means.
Also, please make sure that you go against your fashion instinct.
Then we'll be in the clear.
And a reminder.
Really decorate for the clientele.
Everyone here will be a fashion guru.
So you can't just draw on the wall with a sharpie.
God, he really knows how to hold a crunch.
I said I was sorry.
Do you want me to just pay for it?
Like you could afford it.
And what do you want me to do about it?
Just get it done.
Check in with Michelle Augen's office to see about the
cover shoot next month with Elle and tell editorial
and need more outfits for our models.
Oh, and where is the pitch for the collab with Chanel Blue?
Haven't seen it.
Oh, I'll check on that.
Good.
What is a homes person doing sleeping here?
Nia, could you be more pathetic?
Get up, go home, get changed, and get back here.
You need to take care of catering for the party too.
Nia, it's not a total embarrassment.